[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
drama film solaris
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
chris is a psychologist who has gained
prestige in helping out his patients
one night several unknown men visit
chris and bring him a videotape recorded
by jiberian
his best friend who works at a
scientific research space station over
the planet solaris
in the videotape jivarian tells chris
that he and other crew members
have fallen into a tricky situation and
they are all suffering
the best way for them to deal with the
situation is to leave the station
but none of the others agree jiberian
believes chris can help them get through
their sufferings with his expertise
chris doesn't really know what has
happened as what jiberian says in the
video is quite evasive
later chris learns that when the
security force were approaching solaris
to help them
they completely lost contact with earth
and haven't returned by far
after careful consideration chris
decides to start his journey to solar
station
upon his arrival chris finds the station
is so quiet
that he doesn't see anyone there after a
whole tour of it
chris feels weird as there are blood
stains all over a corner
he follows the stains leading to a lab
where he finds two dead bodies
and one belongs to jaiburyan chris is
shocked
having no idea how jibrarian died and
what he had gone through
then suddenly chris hears a series of
loud noises coming from one of the rooms
following the sounds chris finds snot in
the control room
whom chris knew before however when
chris asks about what happened to
jaiburyan
snot becomes quite evasive he only tells
chris that they shot the security force
when they got in
and that jiberian committed suicide
besides snot there is another crew
member
the physicist who seems quite nervous
and avoids eye contact with chris
but she also tells chris that jaiburyan
killed himself
chris wants to know more details but the
physicist refuses to mention
anymore as the two who have experienced
it themselves
are unwilling to talk about it chris
doesn't know what he should do next
then he notices a boy at the station who
runs away immediately when seeing chris
it turns out that he is jaiburyan's son
who seems to have stayed at the station
for a long
time and knows the station quite well
chris tries again to get some clues from
the physicist
this time the physicist tells him that
she comes to solaris
to evaluate the development potentials
of the planet solaris
however somehow people at the station
started to act abnormally
they became irritable and suffered from
psychosis and serious insomnia
therefore the physicists started to do
experiments on the water
food and even the air trying to find out
what caused their abnormal behaviors
but nothing has been found yet they only
know that there exists
a kind of creature that is much superior
than humans
and its mysterious powers supposed to be
responsible for the crew's abnormal
behaviors
the first night chris spends at the
station is quite different from the
usual
he has a dream in which he meets his
late wife rhea
and the two soon experience a passionate
reunion the wife's death really gave
chris a big blow
he suffered it for a long time back to
the reality from
the dream however he's shocked to find
that rey appears in his sleeping
quarters
hugging and kissing him but no one knows
how she got there
neither does rey herself reya's last
piece of memory is about their home
which is quite dark in order to see
whether the ray in front of him really
exists
chris asked her where they first met and
although ray gives him the correct
answer
chris is still not sure about whether he
should trust her
actually deep inside chris's mind he
knows the woman in front of him can't be
his late wife
therefore he coaxes rey into a capsule
and launches her into outer space
it is not an easy decision for him as
there is only one destiny waiting for
reya outside
death just when chris is blaming himself
for being so ruthless
snot comes and tells chris it's normal
that someone close will visit him the
first night here
and that someone is actually not the
real person snot also had his brother as
the visitor before
but he hasn't shown up recently by now
chris finally realizes what they have
been suffering at the station
they cannot sleep and dream well as
those who they have deep bonds with
will repeatedly appear right in front of
them that night chris lays back on the
bed
hoping that there will be no more dreams
however
nobody can take control of their nerve
actions chris dreams about rhea again
and his happy marriage proposal to rhea
as expected
rhea shows up in reality when he wakes
up this time chris is unwilling to push
reya out into space again
he loves reya so deeply that he wants to
be with her no matter what happens
and who she really is luckily the new
raya doesn't remember what happened
before
for the window rhea looks at the planet
solaris and many memories start to flood
back to her
she recalls that she lost confidence in
life and committed suicide after a
fierce quarrel with chris
though chris soon regretted leaving reya
alone at home
and soon returned home he found reya
already dead
which has since become his incubus so
now chris decides to accept reya to
compensate his fault and guilt
the physicist however has been
continuously studying those replica
visitors
and trying to destroy them completely at
the station moreover
she is strongly against chris's idea to
take the replica raya back to earth
which she believes is definitely a
nightmare to those innocent humans
and may cause people to go crazy and
kill each other
chris argues that those superior
creatures on solaris won't bother to
make them recall their deepest memories
if they want to harm humans however the
physicist still stands her ground
and will never let chris take reya back
to earth so she blabs to ray that chris
sent her away into space before
causing reya to fall into great pain the
physicist then tells chris it's a
mistake to become emotionally engaged
with rhea
who is not human at all but only a
mirror reflecting upon his mind
the physicist also had such a visitor
before and she destroyed it as she
believes it's beyond human morality
the physicists and chris keep arguing
about whether ray is a replica or not
but neither of them can persuade the
other chris's situation becomes worse
every time he wakes up from sleep and
this time he sees his best friend
jiberian he poses a profound question to
chris
whether chris himself is a human or just
a puppet trapped inside a human body
chris becomes even more confused by his
words
he asked jibarian why he killed himself
and why he left his son alone
the chris's shock jiberian says that he
just did the right thing at that time
and neither his wife nor his son is real
besides he asks chris to stop thinking
about what solaris wants from them
and stop trying to find a solution or he
will die there
actually there is no answer but only
personal choice
but chris doesn't want to give up on
rail like that so he is determined to
figure out the answer
when chris wakes up again both jai
baryan and reya disappear
later he finds real lying on the ground
already dead after drinking liquid
oxygen
he immediately takes reya back to the
rest area and then something
unbelievable happens
reya comes back to life after a series
of convulsions
and the wounds over her body
miraculously heal it seems like the
hallucinated ray in front of them will
never die physically
because she lives in chris's deep mind
and can be generated endlessly by the
unknown power from solaris
whether to activate the rebirth process
actually depends on chris himself
waking up and finding herself back to
life again
reya is desperate but actually there is
one way that can eliminate the replica
visitor completely
which is to use the device called
annihilator invented by the physicist
and she has already tested its
effectiveness on her own visitor before
they all know that reya is not a real
human
and all that has happened is chris's
imagination existing in his mind
the reason why reya kept trying to kill
herself is also due to his memory that
the real rhea is dead
the thing that chris desperately wants
to make it up for rhea drives him to
nearly lose his mind
and forget all about his real mission at
the station while the rest believe that
the only way to deal with it
is to destroy reya completely so as to
take chris out of his hallucination
and prevent him from bringing the
replica ray to earth struggling
chris is so tired that he finally falls
asleep
his mind drifts back to the night ray
killed herself
and when he wakes up he sees a video
made by rhea
in which she bids her last farewell and
tells chris that she's made her final
choice
and it's better for him that way raya
knows that she reads his personal stuff
and figures out she's not the human reya
so she can feel her love towards chris
chris is furious and questions the
physicist why she does that to reya
the physicist says it was rey's request
and she has no right to say no
and now they regain connection with
earth and can finally return to earth
however when looking up at the ceiling
chris notices some blood stain there
he opens it and finds a dead body who
turns out to be the human saw
the snot at the station now is actually
a replica
generated and controlled by solaris and
the replica snot replaced the human snot
by killing him
the physicist thinks they may use the
annihilator to terminate the replica
snot
who however tells them that it is
impossible for them to kill him
as there is no enough energy left to
activate the annihilator
what's more the station is getting too
closer to the gravitational field of
solaris
allowing solaris and its puppet the
replica snot
to affect the crew members easily in a
panic
chris and the physicist try to find a
way to get rid of the replica snot
but to no avail as the station is pulled
towards solaris by its strong gravity
the physicist and chris head to a space
lifeboat
planning to escape the station however
chris gives up the idea of boarding the
boat
he chooses to stay behind instead back
in the station chris is suffering
and on the verge of losing his mind he
then meets jaiburyan's replica son
helping him to get up later he finds
himself brought back to his home on
earth
where he's astonished to see his cutting
wounds on his finger healing up in no
time
and also coming back home rhea who
assures him that all they have ever done
is forgiven
and they no longer have to struggle
between life and death
all of which implies that chris has also
been turned into a replica
controlled by the mysterious power of
the planet solaris
and because of that he can stay with
reya forever
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out